Increase default `body-parser` limit for standalone server (#7172)
apollographql/apollo-server: .changeset/stale-ligers-impress.md

---
'@apollo/server': patch
---

> Restore body-parser limit of standalone server to 50mb (as it was in the `apollo-server` package)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
startStandaloneServer: Restore body-parser request limit to 50mb (as it was in the `apollo-server` package in Apollo Server 3)
```
